The EGEM Crowdfunding Development (ECD) frontend has been tested to work with Metamask. To interact with the application use a Metamask enabled browser and connect to the HTTP server. Upon connecting to the HTTP server, the ECD frontend will request a connection authorization with Metamask, you will need to authorize this connection.

For this Beta test version, the ECD smart contract has been deployed to the Ethereum Rinkeby Test Network, so you will need to configure Metamask to use the Rinkeby Test Network. If you do not want to expose your current Ethereum/Egem addresses, you will need to create a new Wallet in Metamask. Make sure you have the Metamask seed to get back to your original Ethereum/EGEM wallet, after you stop playing with the Rinkeby setup. Also, you will need to have funds in your Rinkeby Metamask wallet; you can make use of a Rinkeby faucet (https://faucet.rinkeby.io/) and request to send funds to your Metamask wallet.

At first, the ECD frontend will only allow you to view current ECD active projects and to request to register as a developer. In the Active Projects section you can use the drop-down menu to see a list of current active projects. To request to become an ECD developer, click in the “Dev Register” button and fill the registration form. There are two developer categories: "Core Developer" and "Community Developer". A “Core Developer” can create crowdfunding projects and can also create/approve funds withdrawals requests. Community developers can only create crowdfunding projects and can create requests to withdraw funds from the campaign. In any case the withdrawal request must get approvals for the developer to be able to “Finalize” the withdrawal request.

When a user registers as a developer, his account will need to be approved by an active registered developer. Core developers can approve other Core or Community developer registration requests. Community developers can only approve other community developer registrations requests.

When a developer (Core or Community) creates a withdrawal request, this request must be approved by at least 50% of the registered campaign “Core Devs”; only then the “withdrawal request” will be enabled to be finalized by the developer. At this point the developer must get into the campaign, view the withdrawal requests and select “Finalize” to be able to withdraw the requested funds.
